elizabrock.com
--------------

## Development Setup

This site is generated by [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/). [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org) is required to install/run Jekyll.

1. `bundle install` to install development dependencies.

You may need to `gem install bundler` if the `bundle` command is unavailable.

## Running Locally

Run `jekyll serve --watch` in the root of the project.


## Deploying

1. All code on master is automatically deployed by GitHub once it has been pushed to GitHub.

## TODO

1. ✔ Update dependencies
2. ✔ Update markup (\_includes, \_layouts, \*.md)
3. ✔ Add jekyll seo plugin
4. ✔ Add jekyll sitemap
5. Styling
  1. General
  2. 404
6. Update content
  1. ✔ Headshot
  2. ✔ Bio
  3. Skill list
  4. Resume
7. Check on TOODs
8. Eliminate unused variables
10. Remove commented out CSS
9. Perhaps a little rewriting of git history before moving this branch to master
10. Have navigation mark the current section
8. Run spell check
9. Set up Google analytics snippet
10. Set up Sitemap with good updated ats
11. Relaunch personal site
11. ✔ Set up SEO-friendly redirect from elizabrock.com to elizamarcum.com
12. ✔ Set up github pages to use elizamarcum.com instead of elizabrock.com
11. Set up SEO-friendly redirect from elizabrocksoftware.com to elizamarcum.com
13. Cancel Squarespace
14. Update personal URL on:
  * LinkedIn
  * GitHub
  * Twitter
15. Take a final pass at my resume to be sure it includes all the cool stuff from my website

## Future Improvements

1. Look in Google Search Console
2. More Styling
  * Make the nav look better at the in-between sizes
2. Update favicon with new blue color (remember favicon.io)
3. Syntax Highlighting?
